TOUR TO NEW PHASE : MY COLLEGE DAYS


My experiences, my first semester journey which I portray here,that is short but interesting ,having fun,joy and some sort of work. This beautiful journey started after I  got admission into JECRC College, Sitapura, Jaipur.On the very first day my journey starts to teach me new things in life and i swear it teaches me a lot. My this phase of life again hits me with my earlier colleague,some new friends and many new memories. In the beginning of my days I used to be that introvert person who sit separately on first bench of the class and remain silent all the time.It takes me 2 weeks to jumble with others. It was I who like only one place in the whole campus that's my C-block library, but now after few months  I become that who loves wandering whole campus from each block to cafeteria to campus lawns, every place.

Now, I describe my first day of college, by the way, i saw it earlier also but first day is first day, it has its own swag. When I entered, I was hesitated, low confidence ,shy girl with lots of fear and questions that what will happen, how it will go, will I make it, etc...I reached where all first year was gathered and then we get instructed to make different ques of boys and girls for entering. They welcomed us by giving us a flower and by putting tilak. When I entered to my block I lost while finding my class, but still reached on time. After a lecture of half day, it was announced to gather in lawn and we all are there for a small event which was organized for us. First a group photograph was clicked of first year than by making us stand in a circle some cultural program were performed by our seniors. It includes social play, promotions of particular clubs. It was overwhelming.first day was so hectic but joyful.

It is due to that changes which was given by my life. Now I started bunk my lectures and spend time with friends, gaining knowledge outside from books,having fun exploring new things,chilling out,everything.The place near my college I love to go is railway track, to see that long track and that area gives me such a good vibes and the main perch of our college students is cafe in front of our college.These days gives me some freedom,happiness,independence, the way to look myself better in this world.Here,when I went out for the first time with friends to see movie in a theater,to visit any place. It make me feel that I started living my life rather than spending it.It gives me a chance to look over me.

my first semester is not about studies or exploring Jaipur with friends only but also exploring myself by increasing my abilities, interest in interested fields. I involved myself in my college clubs based on my interest in cultural activities and also in social activities. From schooling days, I am obsessed with painting, art and writing poetry, so I decided to join our cultural club 'Atrangi' and also like to plant trees as I am connected to nature and join 'Fruitful Jaipur' club for that. After getting selected in auditions of clubs I started taking parts in the events conducted by our clubs to increase my confidence,and to interact with my other. My first event of college after corona in which I took part that's 'Blendspace', in this I contributed in poetry battle. Blendspace gives me confidence and that enjoyable and unforgettable moments . That teamwork and hard work with enjoyment is really mean to my life.It gives me happiness by seeing happy faces of others. On that day auditorium was full with our principal,coordinator,lecturer,seniors and colleagues and that shouting and clapping encourages me to do such more work. After that event i also helped in class to class promotion for an event. One of my other experience of event is with my second club on the anniversary of our FFJ club. I had never learn marching in life earlier in any school event but for this event I learn how to march and march at the day. After marching saplings were hand over to the teams of particular areas and command to move for plantation was given by leaving groups of balloons of tricolor by our director. Then at a temple and in a society we did plantation near Jagatpura. There we enjoy a lot, dig the area of plaantation,add manure,pits etc. There I got a young frog while digging the area as it was under the soil from much time it didn't react like it was alive but after giving him a gentle massage he started jumping. I put him in safe area n enjoy alot with him except this we also enjoy with the people and children of that area. These are major two events of my starting.

Each and every memory has it own place, own value. Birthday celebrations in a group, making faces,enjoying meal together everything makes time a precious time. My GT,WTP,Nahargarh fort trip all are worth it, makes my soul happier. When first birthday was celebrated in our group by us, it was a surprise birthday treat to birthday person, all were enjoying. Increasing time makes us a family. That every moment which I spend in my starting semester is near to my heart, that pressure we got after listening our mid term dates a day before and with that pressure we enjoy together a day before by saying "let's see what will happen" and chilling at the day of paper also. From this I learn to chill out on the of exams and study for it a night before only.  


This is how my new phase started and still continuing with lots of teachings,love,friendship,experiences,joy. It include everything which I missed in the period of corona, gives me that precious time to make it memorable for further years of my life.
